---
date: '2025-01-09T14:38:12-05:00'
draft: true
title: '2025'
tags: ["first"]
author: "T"
description: "First post of the site. First words of the year!"
---

### *This is a draft that may end up being accessible early as I test the deployment of this site. If you'd like to keep track of the finished product keep an eye on [my bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/tcurls.net)*


Hello my friend, this post talks a bit about what the past year has been like for me, and what I want to get done in the near future.
I am mostly doing this for personal reasons, to build a habit of writing.
If you don't wanna read me just talk about my life a lil, but are interested in reading my thoughts about something I love, please check out my other post about Moor Mother and Billy Woods' 2020 Album *Brass*.

I'll preface this buy saying: Right now things look pretty fucking bleak!
But in the past year I feel like I have been able to claw myself out of a hole.
Feeling like I am finally recovering from the depression and career burnout that were inflamed by the pandemic years and life events that followed.
I made some breakthroughs in 2024.
Reconsiled with and accepted some long-known things about myself that has helped grant me the drive to build a  more fufilling life.
I started to find work again after my multi-year slump and have become more outgoing, finding some social scenes in my city and making some new friends.
So I now have things to look forward to each week, and some things to look forward to in the future years to come!
And I now have the motivation to create.

So here we are.
In 2025 I will be finding and building outlets for myself to create, put some more ideas and words out to the world.
I've put together this website, and this post that you're reading now, just so I can begin writing again.
I may have some posts like this where I just talk about life, but I definitely plan to write about shit I love.
When I get this blog off the ground I will hopefully already have an accompanying post about something I love, and encourage some people to check it out.
And I hope to pursue other passion projects, artistic or technical, and build up some new skills!
So far, writing here has been fufilling and no matter how many people see it I hope I can regularly put some words out to the world as part of my routine.

To close this out: Sharing a small list of some things that have made a positive impact on me recently:

### Some shit I love (that I'm not really gonna write a ton about)

[*Skulltenders*](https://www.skulltenders.com/) (2024)

I'll start it off with a fun lighthearted podcast I've been enjoying, a DnD podcast about a bunch of undead freaks taking on missions in the land of the living.
Something Skulltenders does really well is it's pacing.
It's full of some fast and fun adventures and every season has a whole new setting to keep things fresh.
I also particularly love the sound design and music (Thanks to the efforts of Jess O'Brien, Kodiak Sanders, and Seth Boyer).
Thank you for helping me stay away from the addictive scrolling of social and short-form media on my phone!

[*The Curse*](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt13623608/) (2023)

Benny Safdie, Nathan Fielder, and Emma Stone gave us one of the most uncomfortable pieces of media I've personally ever seen.
It is incredible, bizarre, and anxiety-inducing.
The performances and film techniques make what's on screen feel like it's part of our real world.
That uncanny realism is what's so powerful about the series, and why I was so impacted by the strange and unique feeling of Dread brought on by its conclusion.

[*The Skill Issue, or: How I Learned I Could Learn, and So Can You! (also capitalism is a disease)*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSmgNgsW3io) (2024)

One of the first longform videos from this youtube channel, Sane Retry.
I watched this one just last week and was impressed with how talented of a storyteller they are.
Through sharing some (depressing) family history they explain exactly the ways in which capitailism steals your time, and your happiness if you let it.
This video contains a compelling argument to take what time you have, whatever time is left after capitailism steals it's time from you, to create art and learn new skills.
It argues that to do so is an act of rebellion, which is a motivating sentiment.
Fantastic video and message, this served as a nice lil push for me at the start of the year

[*Perverts*](https://www.discogs.com/release/32786757-Ethel-Cain-Perverts) (2025)

I was listening to Ethel Cain's new album *Perverts* while writing this and I'm kinda blown away by her talents.
In a departure from her previous 'folkier' sound, this new record is a beautiful and haunting drone album.
Her previous music just hadn't clicked for me, but this release just focuses on all of the incredible dark atmosphere she's so gifted at creating, and *really wallows in it*.
For me personally, that has been my favorite aspect of her work.
It's exciting that she has such a clear vision for the art she wants to put in this world, and isn't going to let her success in popular culture affect that vision.
Thank you for setting to the tone to the next N years of hell on earth.
